feat: kubeflow profiles upgrade to 1.7 (#88)
canonical/kubeflow-profiles-operator: README.md

Charmed Kubeflow Profiles
=========================

> Charmed Kubeflow Profiles is the charm for [Kubeflow Multi-Tenancy](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/components/multi-tenancy/) component. In [Charmed Kubeflow](https://charmed-kubeflow.io/), it is responsible for multi-user isolation and identity access management.

Reviewer: What do you think about linking [this reference doc](https://charmed-kubeflow.io/docs/profile) here?  That way we're deferring most explanation to our docs.  For example, something like:
```suggestion
Charmed Kubeflow Profiles is the charm that implements the Kubeflow profile controller, which manages [user Profiles](https://charmed-kubeflow.io/docs/profile).  These Profiles enable [Kubeflow Multi-Tenancy](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/components/multi-tenancy/) to allow for multi-user isolation.
```
